.nh
.TH "pgxman" "1" "Nov 2023" "pgxman" "PostgreSQL Extension Manager"

.SH NAME
.PP
pgxman-upgrade - Upgrade PostgreSQL extensions


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBpgxman upgrade [flags]\fP


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Upgrade PostgreSQL extensions from commandline arguments. The argument
format is NAME=VERSION. The PostgreSQL version is detected from pg_config
if it exists, or can be specified with the --pg flag.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB-h\fP, \fB--help\fP[=false]
	help for upgrade

.PP
\fB--overwrite\fP[=false]
	Overwrite the existing extension if it is installed outside of pgxman.

.PP
\fB--pg\fP=""
	Upgrade the extension for the PostgreSQL version. It detects the version by pg_config if it exists. Supported values are 13, 14, 15, 16.

.PP
\fB-y\fP, \fB--yes\fP[=false]
	Automatic yes to prompts and run install non-interactively.


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB--debug\fP[=false]
	enable debug logging


.SH EXAMPLE
.EX
  # Upgrade the latest pgvector for the installed PostgreSQL.
  # PostgreSQL version is detected from pg_config if it exists,
  # Otherwise, the latest supported PostgreSQL version is used.
  pgxman upgrade pgvector

  # Upgrade the latest pgvector for PostgreSQL 15
  pgxman upgrade pgvector --pg 15

  # Upgrade pgvector 0.5.0 for PostgreSQL 15
  pgxman upgrade pgvector=0.5.0 --pg 15

  # Upgrade pgvector 0.5.0 for PostgreSQL 15 with sudo
  pgxman upgrade pgvector=0.5.0 --pg 15 --sudo

  # Upgrade pgvector 0.5.0 and postgis 3.3.3 for PostgreSQL 15
  pgxman upgrade pgvector=0.5.0 postgis=3.3.3 --pg 15

  # Upgrade from a local Debian package
  pgxman upgrade /PATH_TO/postgresql-15-pgxman-pgvector_0.5.0_arm64.deb

.EE


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBpgxman(1)\fP
